Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
I expect it to ask me the question: What is my favorite color?
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
A response of "PS C:\E01a-Control-Structues>" came up.
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
I beleive it took my response and tried to respond with its own.


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
There is a new command for color after the answer stage of main1.py.
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
It will say a color or will change the color of the text.
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
It repeated my color back to me.


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
There are new lines from ll to 14.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
If I dont say the correct color, I will be scrutinized.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
Those are for the responses.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
I am scrutinized.
What does this tell you about "color"?
It must be the correct response down to the letter.


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It gives multiple options for a correct response.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
The capital letter problem.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
If you do not use exactly what it requires, you will be scrutinized.


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
It will accept all forms of red.
What problem is it trying to solve? 
The capitalization problem.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
If you add spaces it will be WRONG.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
There is also the strip command.
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
It will strip out anything beside commands.
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
Put spaces between the letters.


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
If you type in "pink" it will tell you that you are close.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
It tells the logic that all colors need those commands.
Run the program and answer the question.
The logic works.


Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
It allows for several options in the logic
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
Those are all options under that certain "While"
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
The question would not be repeated.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.
There is an indentation error.


Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
If you answer red the program ends.
What is the purpose of “count”? 
It counts how many times you try.
What is happening on line 22? 
The logic will tell you how many tries that you took.
Run the program.
The logic works.

*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
Yes